Update `DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md` to add `gradle-check-flaky-test-detector` automation information (#14417)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch: DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

### Flaky Tests

> If you encounter a Gradle Check failure in CI that is unrelated to the change in your pull request, it may be a known flaky test or a new test failure. OpenSearch has a very large test suite with long running, often failing (flaky), integration tests. Such individual tests are labelled as [Flaky Random Test Failure](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22flaky-test%22). Your help is wanted fixing these!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a test failure locally or in CI that is seemingly unrelated to the change in your pull request, it may be a known flaky test or a new test failure. OpenSearch has a very large test suite with long running, often failing (flaky), integration tests. Such individual tests are labelled as [Flaky Random Test Failure](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22flaky-test%22). Your help is wanted fixing these!
```

The automation [gradle-check-flaky-test-detector](https://build.ci.opensearch.org/job/gradle-check-flaky-test-detector/), which runs in OpenSearch public Jenkins, identifies failing flaky issues that are part of post-merge actions. Once a flaky test is identified, the automation creates an issue with detailed report that includes links to all relevant commits, the Gradle check build log, the test report, and pull requests that are impacted with the flaky test failures. This automation leverages data from the [OpenSearch Metrics Project](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-metrics) to establish a baseline for creating the issue and updating the flaky test report. For all flaky test issues created by automation, visit this [link](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%3Etest-failure+author%3Aopensearch-ci-bot).

> If you still see a failing test that is not part of the post merge actions, follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still see a failing test that is not part of the post merge actions, please do:
```
